README.md, before:

# TiAnimations - A kitchen sink for animation effects

![](https://api.monosnap.com/rpc/file/download?id=Cf03iMWx6xJMAT3kzzmkex8iz5vxE3)

## iOS

![Screenshot](https://monosnap.com/file/cQkc0OrHaWNWA7GHUiD05VPoFb3Arl.png)

## Android

![Android](https://monosnap.com/file/FJUELLyA8QbIzPLB1w8q5YFivLEhhA.png)

## Theme

This app implements the custom Appcelerator android theme (see `platform/android`).

## Other Requirements

- *Android*: `ActionBar` is only available in Android 3.0 (API level 11) and above.
- 3D Matrix animation and Dynamics APIs are only available on iOS

## Examples

```
|- views
| |- examples
| | |- 2dmatrix1.xml
| | |- 2dmatrix2.xml
| | |- 2dmatrix3.xml
| | |- 3dmatrix1.xml
| | |- anchorpoints.xml
| | |- collisionBehavior.xml
| | |- curl.xml
| | |- dynamicItems.xml
| | |- fade.xml
| | |- flyin.xml
| | |- modalDynamics.xml
| | |- push.xml
| | |- snap.xml
| | |- transitions.xml
| | |- viewAttachmentBehavior.xml
```

## Authors

- TZ Martin <martin@semanticpress.com>

## License

Copyright (c) 2016, Semantic Press (Apache 2 Licensed)

See LICENSE for more info.

# Legal

Appcelerator, Appcelerator Titanium and associated marks and logos are
trademarks of Appcelerator, Inc.

Titanium is Copyright (c) 2008-2013 by Appcelerator, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Titanium is licensed under the Apache Public License (Version 2). Please
see the LICENSE file for the full license.

Commit message:

bump to 1.1 - tested Ti 5.3.1.GA

README.md, after:

# TiAnimations - A kitchen sink for animation effects

Tested on `5.3.1.GA`

![](https://api.monosnap.com/rpc/file/download?id=Cf03iMWx6xJMAT3kzzmkex8iz5vxE3)

## iOS

![Screenshot](https://monosnap.com/file/cQkc0OrHaWNWA7GHUiD05VPoFb3Arl.png)

## Android

![Android](https://monosnap.com/file/FJUELLyA8QbIzPLB1w8q5YFivLEhhA.png)

## Theme

This app implements the custom Appcelerator android theme (see `platform/android`).

## Other Requirements

- *Android*: `ActionBar` is only available in Android 3.0 (API level 11) and above.
- 3D Matrix animation and Dynamics APIs are only available on iOS

## Examples

```
|- views
| |- examples
| | |- 2dmatrix1.xml
| | |- 2dmatrix2.xml
| | |- 2dmatrix3.xml
| | |- 3dmatrix1.xml
| | |- anchorpoints.xml
| | |- collisionBehavior.xml
| | |- curl.xml
| | |- dynamicItems.xml
| | |- fade.xml
| | |- flyin.xml
| | |- modalDynamics.xml
| | |- push.xml
| | |- snap.xml
| | |- transitions.xml
| | |- viewAttachmentBehavior.xml
```

## Authors

- TZ Martin <martin@semanticpress.com>

## License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Terry Z Martin [http://www.tzmartin.com](http://www.tzmartin.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

# Legal

Appcelerator, Appcelerator Titanium and associated marks and logos are
trademarks of Appcelerator, Inc.

Titanium is Copyright (c) 2008-2013 by Appcelerator, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Titanium is licensed under the Apache Public License (Version 2). Please
see the LICENSE file for the full license.
